Add Helm Chart Getting-Started Guide To CD Tutorials List (#1902)
harness/developer-hub: tutorials/cd-pipelines/kubernetes/helm-chart.md

title: Helm Chart
---

> # Deploy a Helm Chart Template

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Deploy a Helm chart template
```

```mdx-code-block
import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';
```

> This tutorial is designed to help you get started with Harness Continuous Delivery (CD). We will guide you through creating a CD Pipeline/GitOps for deploying a Guestbook application. It's important to note that this Guestbook application is based on a Kustomize template.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial is designed to help you get started with Harness Continuous Delivery (CD). We will guide you through creating a CD pipeline/GitOps for deploying a Guestbook application. Note that the Guestbook application is based on a Kustomize template.
```
